Bumps version to 0.11.1 and drops the support of Python versions older than 3.7. (#292)
amazon-ion/ion-python: README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/amazon-ion/ion-python.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/amazon-ion/ion-python)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/ion-python/badge/?version=latest)](https://ion-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

> This package is designed to work with **Python 3.7+**. It is intended to work with all stable minor versions. Newer language features will be used as deemed valuable. Support may be dropped for versions more than six months past EOL. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is designed to work with **Python 3.8+**. Newer language features will be used as deemed valuable. Support may be dropped for versions more than six months past EOL. 
```

Author: addressed
